So, this one AI agent right here can
search the web for anything using just
one tool and one API call. It can get as
many search results as you want and it
can also scrape all of the content from
that search result and it can take a
screenshot of the whole page for you.
And the cool thing is we can talk to it
using completely natural language and it
will take care of the rest. So, let's do
a quick demo talking to the agent and
then we're just going to jump in and I'm
going to show you guys how to set this
up. And as always, no coding background
is necessary. Okay, so I'm going to ask
this agent to help me find three
articles on reddit.com where the
following words are all in the title,
which should be AI, automation, and
help. So, it's using its tool right now,
Firecrol Search, to make that request.
It's saying, okay, we're looking at
Reddit. We want to make sure it has
these words in the title, and it's going
to get markdown format of the results as
well as screenshots. Okay, so we just
got those results. It said, here are
three articles from Reddit, and here are
the words that are in the titles. We
have help with automation AI, and then
we have the link right here to the
actual source. So, let's open that up.
You can see it links to an actual Reddit
post in the end Reddit. And what we can
do is we can look at the screenshot to
make sure it matches what we got in the
actual URL. And there it is. We can zoom
in. This is the full Reddit thread that
we can go ahead and read through in
screenshot format. All right. So, let's
take a look at the next one. Seeking
help for an AI automation, which has all
of the words that we were looking for in
the title. And we have the URL once
again, but even better, let's just open
up the actual screenshot and take a look
at this page. Seeking help for an A
automation. and then we can read the
rest of the thread. Cool. And the last
one, of course, powerful AI tools to
help you in your daily life. As you can
see, they're all from Reddit. So, the
agent was able to specify just
reddit.com. All of them have those three
keywords in the title, and they all have
our screenshots for us. And because the
agent had to make this answer a little
more concise, if we click into the
actual search, we can see that for each
of these results, we do indeed get a
full markdown scrape of the actual
results if we wanted to do something
with that, but the agent just doesn't
want to return all of that for us. And
just to look at the actual body request
we're sending over in this case, it's
super super simple. It's only three
things we're really sending over. And
for the search query over here, you can
see it's sending over these three words
must all be in the title. So AI,
automation, and help. And then it's
saying it has to be from the site
reddit.com. And then we're saying we
only wanted three results. So that's
super cool. I hope you guys can see how
simple this is going to be to set up.
This may look a little bit intimidating,
but don't worry, it's not too bad at
all. We're going to walk through it all.
And if you want to download this
template real quick to follow along with
the rest of the video, you can do so by
joining my free school community and
downloading it. So the link for this
community is in the description. Once
you join, you will have to search for
the title of the video or you can click
on YouTube resources. And when you click
on that, just find the post associated
with this video and there'll be a JSON
file right here for you to download,
which when you import it into NN, it
will open up this exact template. All
right, so I know that was a quick demo,
but I really just want to hop in and
show you guys how this stuff works. So,
let's get into the video. So, what we're
doing today is we're using Firecrawl's
new search endpoint, which is super
powerful. It basically lets you search
the web for anything. You have full
customization over what to actually
search for, and then you can go ahead
and scrape the content from all of those
search results in any form you want as
well. So, it's super powerful. We're
going to take a look. Here's Firecrawl.
You can get there using the link in the
description. As you can see, turn
websites into LLM ready data. And it's
also open source, but you could also
come here and start for free with 500
credits. And you can use code herk 10
for 10% off for a full year. So super
cool. Let's get started. I'm going to go
to the docs and we're going to go to the
search endpoint which says search the
web and get full content from results.
So it says firecross search API allows
you to perform web searches and
optionally scrape the results all in one
API call. So, I'm going to go to the API
documentation for this search endpoint
and we're going to take a quick quick
look at what this actually is doing and
how this works. And then we're just
going to dive into some N& examples
because that's the best way to really
learn. So, first thing we want to look
at is just that we have query operators.
This basically just means we're able to
filter our searches better. So, if we
put anything in there as a string, it's
just going to search a non-fuzzy match,
which means if we type in firecrawl,
it's going to only search for exactly
firecraw. It's not going to autofix
typos. We're able to use this little
dash in order to exclude things. So if
we want to search for something and we
want to exclude the site firecrawl or we
want to exclude the word bad from the
search result, we can exclude them by
doing that. We can specify certain sites
that we want. We can specify words in
the URLs, words in the titles and things
that are related to certain domains. So
I'm aware that this may look a little
confusing. Trust me, it's not too bad at
all. I also have all of these search
query operators right here in the
template for you to look at and the body
parameters so everything's in one place.
as well as I did a full video on APIs
and understanding that documentation if
you want to check that out right here.
But real quick, let's go see what the
body parameters are telling us. Like I
said, this is basically just a full menu
of different settings and filters we're
allowed to use. So, obviously, we have a
search query, which has to be there
every time. We can then tell Firecrawl
how many results we want back. We can
limit that to five. We can go all the
way up to 100. We're able to do a
timebased search parameter with natural
language. So, I could say I just want
stuff from May or April of 2025. We have
language, we have country, we have
location, we have timeout. We can ignore
invalid URLs. And then here's the cool
part with scrape options where we can
basically say how we want to get the
results from each of those sites back.
So it can be markdown, HTML, raw HTML,
links, screenshot, screenshot of the
full page, or JSON. So now that we've
had a brief introduction to this
documentation, what this search endpoint
can do, let's take a quick look at a few
examples. So here's the first one where
we're doing a search for within a
specific website. So in here you can see
all I did was in the body I'm only
sending over two things. So we're
keeping it really really simple. We're
searching for the word Natek and we're
specifying that the site has to be
www.geekygadgets.com and we only want
five results. So if I go ahead and hit
execute step, it's going to make that
search and we can see that we have five
different results and all of these have
URLs. They all show the title and then
they all show a quick brief description.
And if I was to open up this URL right
here, we can see that it is indeed Geeky
Gadgets and it is about Nate Herk. And
if you'll notice, all of these five
results come back from Geeky Gadgets.
All right, cool. So that's a specific
website. Let's look at excluding certain
terms. So once again, we're keeping it
really simple. We're just saying a query
and a limit. We're doing Natek. We're
excluding anything that has the word
school in the URL. And then for limit,
let's just do six so we can show that
it's different. I'll hit execute step.
And then we'll see what we get back over
here really, really quick. As you can
see, we have six total results and we
don't have any of these URLs coming from
school, which is nice because if I was
to get rid of this exclusion and we're
just searching for Nate Herk, what we'll
see is that we probably will get
something from school. As you can see
right here, the second hit was already
from school.com. So, because we use that
exclusion operator, we don't get that.
All right. Now, let's look at word
appearing in a URL. So, I'm going to
come back into here once again. We're
doing the same query and limit. We're
doing Nate Herk. And now we're only
searching for things where the URL has
the word school. So hit execute step.
This thing runs super quick. It's
awesome. And now all five of these
results all have the word school in the
actual URL. And then of course you can
do the exact same thing with the title.
So instead of URL, you could also do in
title. You could have multiple words
appearing in a title like we saw in that
quick demo earlier with the agent. And
finally, the pro tip where you can
basically stack a ton of these in the
same query. So it's really really cool.
So in this one, what we're doing is
we're searching for Nate Herk. We're
saying the site has to be youtube.com.
We're excluding anything that are, you
know, shorts. And then we're also saying
in the title, it has to have the word
automation. And we're looking for five.
So I'm going to hit execute step. We're
going to see how quick that comes back.
All of these sites are coming from
YouTube.com. If we take a closer look,
we'll see that all of the titles have
the word automation. So automation,
automation, automation,
automation, and automation. And also the
reason why some of these aren't even my
videos is because most of my titles
don't actually have the word automation
in it. So you can see that that search
is being very very specific. And
finally, you'll notice that there are no
shorts in here. So that's how you can
stack different things. And that's how
this stuff works. It's really about
being able to understand the different
operators, understanding the different
body parameters, and being able to, you
know, customize them how you want, tweak
different things. But let's set up an
actual HTTP request together and let's
look at how we can actually return all
of the results in different formats.
Okay, so all you'd have to do is you'd
come to this button right here,
firecross search endpoint, and click on
that. And then what we need to do is we
just want to copy this curl command
right here. So I'm going to hit copy.
I'm going to come back into our N
workflow and I'm going to pull up an
HTTP request. Then all I have to do is
click on import curl, paste it in there,
and hit import. And now we are basically
configured. You can see that what we
need to do is grab an API token from
Firecrawl. So once again, go to
Firecrawl and use code Herk 10 to get
10% off for a year. And then once you're
there, this is what it will look like.
We'll go back over to Firecrawl. And you
want to go to your dashboard. And this
is where we can get our API key. So you
can see I have my API key right here.
I'm going to go ahead and just copy my
API key. And what we're going to do is
you could put it in right here after
bearish space and then paste in your API
key. But what I've done for all these
different requests and what I think that
you should do is save your fire crawl
API key to nitn. So the way we do that
is we'll turn off headers right here. We
will go to authentication and choose
generic. We will choose header and then
as you can see I have a ton of different
headers saved and all I would do is I'd
choose my fire crawl one. But if you
don't have one already you will click on
create new credential. And so when you
click on create new credential I would
recommend you rename it up here to
firecrawl. For the name, you're going to
do authorization with a capital A. For
the value, you're going to type in
capital B bearer space API key just like
it showed up in that curl command. And
also, if we go back to the
documentation, you can see right here,
authorization is header and it has to
come in the form of bearer space
token. And then once you save that,
you're good to go and you'll never have
to do that again. So, we have that all
set up. And now what we can see is we
have like our full list of body
parameters where we have our query, our
limit, our timebased result, we have
language, country, location, timeout,
invalid URLs, and then a scrape options.
So let's play with these different
settings to see how we can tweak our
search results. First of all, what I'm
going to do is in the query, let's say
we're just going to search for OpenAI.
So we'll start there. For limit, let's
say we just want to get two results
back. For timebased search, let's just
say we want to look from May of 2025.
Language, English, country, US,
location. I'm going to come in here and
just put any timeout, we'll leave this.
Ignore invalid URLs. We'll leave it as
false. And then for scrape options,
let's go take a look at the options that
we have. So, if we come right here, we
can see that this controls the scraping
behavior for each result, letting you
specify which formats to return. We have
a couple different options, and you can
also include multiple. So we can do
markdown, we can do HTML, we can do
screenshot. Super cool. You can also see
in the example we have to put a new
field below it called formats. So
actually what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to copy this right here
because it makes it super easy. So I'm
copying that. I'm going to open up our
request and I'm just going to basically
replace the scrape options right there.
And we'll just tab this over so it fits.
Um hopefully everything is fine here. I
think that we should be good to go. But
if we get an error, we'll just come in
here and fix it. And this is basically
saying we want to return markdown links
and screenshot. Let's just do markdown
and screenshot for now. And we'll try to
send that over and we'll see if this
errors or
not. And by the way, if you ever need
help formatting these requests, go over
to chatbt and give it a screenshot of
the documentation. Give it a screenshot
of what you're trying to do and it will
help you out. Chadbt is really good with
JSON or Claude, any of the AI models.
Okay, so it looks like though we only
got one result back. So because of our
parameters, maybe it only was able to
find one result. We have right here
openai.com, we have latest news. So
what's cool is you can see right here we
got our markdown, which is cool. If I
switch to table view, we can see we got
basically the entire article in markdown
format. So that's awesome. And then
right below that, we got our screenshot.
So let me click open to the screenshot
and we can see what we got. So this is a
screenshot of the basically the
beginning page that it just went ahead
and scraped. Now you can see I can't
scroll down or I can't change that at
all. So what we could do is if we change
our parameter right here from screenshot
and we change that to screenshot at full
page. We should be able to get the
entire page back. So let me go ahead and
try this again. So I put in screenshot
at full page. We're going to try that
one more time and we'll see if we have a
full screenshot. That's going to be
super cool. Okay, there we go. We just
got it back. Let me scroll down to our
screenshot right here and open this bad
boy up. Boom. So we have a screenshot of
the entire page. We can go ahead and
zoom in and we could scroll through the
entire page that it just went ahead and
scraped. Nice. So hopefully that shows
you guys how you can get stuff from all
these results. Super cool. But let's
take an example of if we have like five
things. So I'm going to change the limit
to five. I'm going to change the search
query to we're just going to do Nate
Herk again. And um yeah, that's perfect.
So we're going to run this firecross
search endpoint. We're hopefully going
to get five results. And each result is
going to have markdown of the actual
page that it scraped as well as a
screenshot. So here's the first one. Um
this is from school co-founder and true
of true horizon AI. And we can see right
here we have a screenshot. So let's pull
this one
up. Okay, cool. So this just basically
took a screenshot of my school profile
which is awesome. I'm switching over to
schema view just so we can see the stuff
easier. So that was the first result.
The second result is going to be the
learn with Microsoft page. So, let me
open up this
image. There you go. This is my Learn
with Microsoft page, and it is the
screenshot of the entire page. Sweet.
So, I think you guys get the point.
Let's move on real quick to how we could
actually do this as an agent tool. And
let me show you guys what really is
important when you're doing this with an
agent. So, because we have different
search query operators, and that's where
a lot of the power comes in, what we had
to do was make sure that the agent
itself is aware of these different
parameters and how to send them over to
its tool. Because right now in the tool
all we're doing is we're saying give me
a query and give me a limit. So it's
very very simple. But in order for this
agent to actually understand how to send
over queries that work, we had to tell
it about the operators. So if I open
this up, we started off by saying you're
a firecall search query generator agent.
You have access to a tool called
firecall search. Your job is to convert
natural language instructions into a
properly formatted firecall query using
supported operators. You're going to
send that query along with a limit
parameter to the firecross search tool.
So, I'm not going to read off this
entire prompt because you guys can
access it for free if you join my free
school community and download the
template. But basically, what I said was
here's how you construct your queries.
Um, you know, here's your exact phrase.
You can use exclusions, you can use
sites, urls, all in title, stuff like
that. Um, I gave it a few instructions
with calling that tool. And then just a
few examples so it knows how to output
the stuff and how it sends stuff over to
the tool. And so if you guys noticed
right here, we didn't actually have it
return any information besides like a
quick description. So I'm going to do is
I'm just going to paste in the scrape
options. So I'm telling it we want
markdown and a screenshot of the full
page once again. And now let's try out
an example. All right. So, I'm asking it
to find me articles on Forbes that
include the word artificial intelligence
in the title, but exclude the word
agent. So, we'll basically let it think
about it. Okay, so something happened
with the JSON parameter. We'll take a
look at that in a sec. It's going to try
again. So, it tried twice, didn't work.
Tried three times, it didn't work. Um,
tried four times and didn't work. So,
let's just go ahead and stop this
execution and we'll take a look to see
what happened. Okay, so the error that
we got was that the JSON wasn't proper
JSON. So, if I come into here, we have
to figure out what went wrong. And so
what happened is that I added a new
option, but I didn't put a comma after
this guy. So it's not going to work. So
let me just go ahead and try that exact
thing again. I'm going to resend that.
And hopefully it's going to think about
it. It's going to create that correct
search term. And then we're not going to
error. Looks like it is going to work
because it's been spinning for a bit
longer now. And I'll check in when it's
done. All right, there we go. We just
got here are articles from Forbes that
have the word artificial intelligence in
the title, but exclude the word agent.
So this first one is literally just
called artificial intelligence. Let's
just open up this URL real quick to see
if it's a real Forbes article. Okay, so
there are ads absolutely everywhere, but
you can see this is a Forbes article
called artificial intelligence. And what
we can also do is we can open up this
screenshot to see that it captured a
screenshot of the entire article. We can
zoom in. We can scroll through the whole
thing. And that's pretty awesome. And
then of course it did the same with the
next five. So we've got artificial
intelligence 101. We have the pros and
cons of artificial intelligence. Each of
these have a URL, a description, and a
screenshot. And none of them have the
word agent in the title. All right,
guys. So, that's going to do it for this
one. I thought that this search endpoint
is super cool, a great release from
Firecrawl. And don't forget, you can get
10% off for a year using code herk10. If
you enjoyed this style of video and you
want a more hands-on approach with
learning n, then definitely check out my
paid community. The link for that will
be also in the description. We got a
great community of members that are
building stuff with NN every single day.
They're sharing their wins, sharing
their challenges, stuff like that. It's
great to be in a community of
like-minded individuals. We've also got
a classroom section with two full
courses at the moment. We're expanding
this library as we speak. We've got
agent zero, which is like beginners
foundations. And then we've got 10 hours
to 10 seconds where you learn how to
identify, design, and build time-saving
automations. So, I'd love to see you
guys in these live calls. But that's
going to do it for today's video. If you
enjoyed it, you learned something new,
please give it a like. Definitely helps
me out a ton. And as always, I
appreciate you guys making it to the end
of the video. I'll see you on the next
one. Thanks, everyone.